## Introduction
Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) is a novel coronavirus was first reported in December 1, 2019. The total number of confirmed cases is nearly 78,064 worldwide. In japan a total of 170 cases are reported. Out of these cases 32 cases were in northern prefecture Hokkaido. Due to novelty of the virus and the widespread across countries, it is a timely need to assess the transmission potential and recovery rates.
In this study we aim to estimate the transmission potential and recovery rate of the 2019-nCoV in Hokkaido prefecture, Japan. We used the epidemiological parameter basic reproduction number (C) to estimate the transmission potential. R0 is defined as the average number of secondary cases originating from a primary infected case in a whole suitable population.
Many studies shades light on transmissibility assessment of the 2019-nCov outbreak in China. A review study found the R0 median to be 3.28 (Liu, Gayle, Wilder-Smith, & Rocklöv, 2020). As of 12th December 2019 (beginning of the outbreak), R0 was estimated at 4.71 (4.5-4.92), but its effective reproduction number (Re) has decreased to 2.08 (1.99-2.18) by 22th January 2020 by computational modeling of  cases (Shen M, 2020). As the number of 2019-CoV cases might be under-reported from 1 to 15 January 2020, Zao et. al estimated under-reporting of 469 (95% CI: 403-540) cases in that period and R0 was estimated at 2.56 (95% CI: 2.49-2.63) (Zhao et al., 2020). Imai et. al summarized that self-sustained human-to-human transmission of the 2019-nCoV explained the scale of outbreak in Wuhan and R0 was estimated at 2.6 (uncertainty range: 1.5-3.5) up to 17th January 2020 using mathematical model. Using reported cases before 27th January, R0 was estimated to be 2.92 (95% CI: 2.28-3.67) by using the statistical maximum likelihood estimation (T. Liu et al., 2020). R0 was estimated in the period from January 18 to 26, 2020 to be varied from 2.0 to 3.1 by using the Incidence Decay and Exponential Adjustment (IDEA) model depending on epidemic curve and referring to the serial intervals of SARS-Coronavirus and MERS-Coronavirus(Majumder & Mandl, 2020). In another modeling study R0 was estimated to be 2·68 (95% CrI 2·47–2·86) using the number of cases from December, 1 to January, 25, 2020 (Wu, Leung, & Leung, 2020). By using the collected extensive individual case reports, incubation period, high-resolution real-time human travel, and infection data with mathematical models, R0 was estimated between 4.7 and 6.6, and the number of infected individuals during early epidemic double every 2.4 days (Sanche et al., 2020). Up to February 16, 2020 the median of R0 was about 2.28 (95% CI: 2.06-2.52) during the early stage on the Diamond princess ship in Japan by fitting the serial interval with gamma distribution (Zhang et al., 2020).






